Add C2PA Premade Sample (#72)
rkvst/rkvst-samples: archivist_samples/c2pa/README.md

# C2PA Sample

The purpose of this sample is to demonstrate how one can record and trace the lifecycle of an embedded file manifest within RKVST thus providing a historical chain of events of wanted or unwanted changes and/or updates.

> Note: For clarity an simplicity this sample does not show how to create the C2PA manifest itself, but rather uses pre-prepared files generated by the standard c2patool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: For clarity and simplicity this sample does not show how to create the C2PA manifest itself, but rather uses pre-prepared files generated by the standard c2patool.
```

Author: good spot! done

# C2PA Sample

> The purpose of this sample is to demonstrate how one can record and trace the lifecycle of an asset-embedded manifest within RKVST thus providing a historical chain of events of wanted or unwanted changes and/or updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this sample is to demonstrate how one can record and trace the lifecycle of an embedded image manifest within RKVST thus providing a historical chain of events of wanted or unwanted changes and/or updates.

This gives a more complete view of the provenance of media files than relying only on the most recent embedded manifest.
```

Author: done :) good suggestion!

> 

Author: Excellent suggestion! will add.

## Pre-requisites

* Python 3.7 and later versions are supported.

* Install the [RKVST samples Python package](https://pypi.org/project/rkvst-samples/ "PyPi package page")

* Get an authorization bearer token and store it in the file `credentials/.auth_token`. If you don't know how to do this, please refer to the [RKVST documentation](https://docs.rkvst.com/docs/rkvst-basics/getting-access-tokens-using-app-registrations/ "Getting an auth token"). Make sure that the `credentials` folder is suitably restricted by disallowing root and group access.

## Running the sample

> First acquire an auth token and put it in the following file:

Author: Good spot! will change :)
